Adding Foundry install instructions to README. (#1775)
balancer-labs/balancer-v2-monorepo: README.md

You can see a sample report of a test run [here](./audits/test-report.md).

### Foundry (Forge) tests

> To run Forge tests, first [install Foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/getting-started/installation). In short:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run Forge tests, first [install Foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/getting-started/installation). The installation steps below apply to Linux or MacOS. Follow the link for additional options.
```
